The　Introduction　of Micro-Electro-Mechanical System
The technology Micro-Electro-Mechanical System, short as MEMS, integrates mechanical and electrical components on silicon chips to form small-sized, full function electromechanical systems. MEMS differs from traditional electromechanical system not only on size, but also on the principles, materials, and production techniques.
The introduction of silicon based integrated circuit micro production plays an important role in the advantage of MEMS system. Nowadays，Silicon-On-Glass (SOG) and Silicon-On-Insulator (SOI) are widely used in MEMS production. In the SOG procedure, the recesses is formed on a glass wafer, then silicon wafer is boned anodically to the glass wafer. Then, deep reactive ion etching is utilized through the backside of the silicon wafer over the glass recess to etch MEMS devices.
Another technique to achieve SOG is through polishing instead of ion etching, called dry SOG. In SOI procedure the glass is replaced by silicon dioxide as insulator to form layered silicon-insulator-silicon substrate to improve electrical quality of silicon chips. Compared with SOG, SOI has higher production accuracy and easier to integrate with silicon based integrated circuit, thus become the mainstream of MEMS manufacture.
The research and production of MEMS product is mainly focused on MEMS sensor. MEMS sensor have smaller size, lower energy consumption and cost, and higher robust, able to run in the extremely terrible environment unsuitable for traditional sensors. MEMS gyroscope，accelerometer and pressure sensors appears frequently on consumer and automobile electrical components. In 2011, MEMS gyroscope and accelerometer occupy the first two largest part in domestic MEMS market. Apple introduced gyroscope and accelerometer in iPhone 4, making it able to simulate motions in games with iPhone in hand. This amazing experience comes true thanks to the minimization of sensor size coming with the popularity of MEMS techniques. Now, MEMS sensor has become a must in smartphone, playing console and other various kind of electronic products. MEMS technique can also be used in infrared detection for thermometer.
The application of MEMS sensor has revolutionary meaning for next generation of smart automobile. The wide implement of MEMS sensors on every cornor of automobile will make it possible for center control to monitor current value of all the necessary factors for safe driving, including but not limited on ABS, ESP, EPB, HAS and EPMS, thus make correct decisions. 
MEMS based Inertial Measurement Unit (IMU) integrated MEMS gyroscope, accelerometer and magnetometers greatly minimize its size and lower cost, making it able to be load on shells, small unmanned aircraft and aerial vehicles, and tactical missiles as well. IMU is the core component for Inertial Navigating System (INS), whose implement will improve control accuracy. For example, the IGS-20x INS/GPS system from Honeywell and Rockwell, with its size less than 3 inches * 3 inches * 3 inches, is able to lower the Circle Error of　Probability of shell than 4 meters, while original shell more than 20 meters.
Another popular field in which MEMS technology widely utilized is radio-frequency MEMS component (RF-MEMS). RF-MEMS component will improve the integration level of the electrical system and stability in high frequency environment, and lower size and cost at the same time. Radar and telecommunication are benefiting from the RF-MEMS component.
In the future, MEMS will have even lower feature size and higher integration level. Standardized mass production will further improve the quality of MEMS component and lower its cost. The age of MEMS application is on its way.